fix: update to Nerd Fonts 3 code points (#264)
nvim-tree/nvim-web-devicons: README.md

> # Warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Notice
```

Perhaps that sounds better?

Author: done

> Nerd fonts moved some symbols with version 3.0, version 2.3 is meant for transition. Nvim-web-devicons will now work with only with version 2.3+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nerd fonts moved some symbols with version 3.0. Version 2.3 is meant for transition, supporting both version 2 and version 3 icons. 

Nvim-web-devicons requires version 2.3 or above to work properly. If you are unable to update please use your plugin manager to pin version of nvim-web-dev icons to `nerd-v2-compat` tag.
```

Author: Thanks, I that's what I needed ;)
